we're gonna decorate we're gonna put
that one yes sir
larger smaller and larger alive and suck
porn kidnapping lay down honey
their photos I won't go to sleep so we
are so everyone is on board today you're
going to do pictures we're gonna we're
gonna do pictures are going to decorate
the Christmas tree and
the water in so we don't want you
getting hurt
so you basically giving me a little bit
like the the work the dirty work to do I
think I did all of the dirty work so far
I've brought everything upstairs I put
this okay all you have to do is just
space this out yeah make sure where all
the little branches are straight
hey thank you
yeah you got it
back here